hi everyone this is Brandon here I'm
a-gonna my next episode a sixty one of
my last clash series so today's episode
is gonna be running short because today
although it's a weekend and weekend
being I could do anything on one of
course I do not have to go to work but I
put clash aside today because I was
spending time with my girlfriend my
girlfriend actually flew in back to
Singapore to spend some time with me
over the weekend so of course I didn't
want to have pleasure in between the two
of us so I didn't play clash that much
so I did take some time off to do these
recordings for you guys especially those
upgrades and I just came online to just
do some upgrades and of course to some
Brits to get all the resources back up
so yeah I only know basically what
happened today was I was out with her
the whole entire day so I was what we
were watching movie together and also at
the same time we were having a really
nice time together having a really nice
dinner at the same time also just taking
clash towards one side of course there
are times where by I do get too
concentrated on clash and then she does
get a little ticked off by a part of
course I do have to set my time and
priorities right so whenever she is here
in Singapore to visit me I definitely do
have to spend my time and of course
accompany her more so yeah for those of
you who do not know I mean my girlfriend
and me have been together for like three
and a half years so we have been
together for three and half and we knew
each other through an online game we
knew each other through maplestory
actually so she's a gamer so and I'm
also a game about unfortunately now
she's not playing in a game she's just
focusing on her career so I'm currently
a just focusing on my career - also
playing clash as a part time
enjoyment for myself so yeah I mean I
know a lot of people who have partners
who are playing a certain game together
with them is a really nice relationship
to actually have where buy you the
compost and actually playing a game
together that's really nice to help us I
mean I don't feel anything as you know
if my partner doesn't want to play the
game time actually plain is fine by him
I mean she loves to play other games
such as candy crush I said drop I mean
that's not my kind of game that I like
to play so I mean we studio give support
to each other like sometimes she still
do ask me as to how to solve certain
puzzles on
candy crush as I did play candy crush a
few times before and I'm not too good in
it but sometimes she gets a little
ticked off by it and she does ask me for
help whereas for pleasure of course I do
not ask for help for help because she
doesn't know anything about clash but
yeah I mean the last time we started
playing me first story that was
basically the game that we played
together and started to play together
and of course that the game that we got
the new each other and yeah that was
basically the game that made us born a
lot so I mean just in the comments while
you guys think about a couple of playing
games together I mean it's a really nice
thing to have and to see especially is
something that will help to build up the
relationship of both couples so
definitely I do wish that she and I do
have a game in common to achieve play
currently she's not actually too
interested in clash but I mean there's
no forcing her into playing something
that she doesn't want to play otherwise
she wouldn't enjoy it right so likewise
for me I mean she likes to play candy
crush I do not like to play so of course
she plays her own game I play my own
game so yeah basically we do have our
own boss but yeah when she comes to
Singapore to visit me I mean she is not
from Singapore she's from Malaysia
actually it's a nibble neighborhood a
country whereby she's just next to my
country so but yeah it takes like around
and I will flight to fly from her place
to my place so of course she does have
to take some time off from her own
schedule to spend some time with me do
likewise for myself I have to sometimes
take some time off my schedule to fly
over there to spend some time with her
so yeah having a long-distance
relationship isn't exactly easy to
maintain because we do not get to see
each other that often because of the
long distance so we do have to a lot
have a lot of trust with each other
whereby we just have to trust each other
that we do not do anything behind our
back
so yeah that's it for my whole entire
relationships to wireman should be not
free to actually clash for these few
days and also not checking on my walls
my walls have reached 266 level 10 was
and also 111
level it was so that's really nice
number one one one and 66 so yeah
checking out my profile profile
increasing a little bit more and of
course I didn't do that much farming as
compared to my previous episode because
as mentioned today I wasn't free to go
ahead
/ so yes clash is definitely not the
most important thing in life there's too
many other things in life there's more
important especially in terms of
building up your career and also having
a relationship a healthy relationship
rather than just focusing on AB game but
to me now clash is not exactly only a
game but it's of course the game and
also an entertainment feature whereby I
use YouTube to actually entertain you
guys so yeah it's getting really
exciting also at the same time having a
support from your partner as in
supporting from the partner in terms of
youtubing is really good so yeah I
really thank my girlfriend for all the
support that she's given me so yeah
we've tested like to thank you guys for
watching my video and don't forget to
subscribe if you heaven and of course
they subscribe and of course the
notification will give you guys order
updates and the hits up for all the
videos I'm gonna post so they Sarah -
thank you guys for watching my video and
flash on